Speaker 1 (00:08)
My name is Dustin Dohn, and I'm the owner of Rikosha Construction. My construction industry story begins in January of 1999 at an apartment complex in Dallas, Texas. I took a job as the helper to a carpenter. We focused on the replacement of cantilevered concrete balconies. We built cedar patio fences and installed new siding and trim on three-story garden-style apartment buildings. I love the smell of fresh-cut lumber in the morning. Following my first year, I had purchased the necessary tools to level up to a lead carpenter. I had quickly obtained skills working under a 30-year master carpenter. I formed a small crew and began to lead my own team. Over the 18 years working for that company, I had worked my way up through all the ranks to finally holding the title of Project Manager, the second in command of a fairly good-sized general contracting company. My expertise was realized in the bidding process and I was additionally running projects of all sizes across the state of Texas. During that time, I married and had four children. One day it hit me and I knew it was my time to go off and build something for myself and my family.

Speaker 1 (01:29)
So So in 2017, I founded Ricochet Construction with the focus on building a trustworthy construction company that I could one day hand down to my children. All of my in-house crews and subcontractors have been with me since the beginning. I believe greatness is defined by longevity and long-lasting relationships. That's what defines a company's character. At Ricochet Construction, we build trust. We specialize in fire and flood rebuilds, as well as balcony replacement and drainage upgrades. We have performed multiple clubhouse renovations and upgraded dozens of amenity areas. We have literally replaced thousands of square feet of concrete parking lots and sidewalks. We've upgraded entire properties with new electrical panels and replaced roofs. How we work? We believe in communication. And when we are asked to bid a project, we show up within 48 hours, and we provide a bid no more than 48 hours after our walk. No one else does that. When we are granted a project, we show up every single day until that project is 100 % complete. That is hard to find. Hire Ricochet Construction, and we will get you to the finish line.